# academic_projects
This contains all my academic projects.

1.Stock Market Prediction & Portfolio Optimization 
Stock market forecasting & prediction is one of the most compelling and highly researched topics in technical, academic, and financial fields. With the emergence of new technologies like Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, many algorithms have been developed to predict the stock market movement (Payal Soni et al., 2022). This project has been made as an attempt to do stock market predictions using Machine Learning algorithms, aiming to know a stock future value for an investor's profit.
The dataset has been obtained from the NSE (National Stock Exchange) website, which contains different stocks, including small, medium, and large-cap companies. The stocks will be subjected to training with time series Machine Learning models, and their performance shall be compared. The ML models used for this project are Random Forest, XG Boost, Auto-Arima and LSTM. The model with the best accuracy will be finally used for stock predictions to visualize performance for two days, one week, two weeks, and one month while creating a portfolio for investors. LSTM appears to be the model with the highest accuracy and better performance in this project.
This project will aim as a solution for investors to visually see their desired stock’s prediction for different time intervals also called as points, thereby aiding them in decision-making with our portfolio optimization and financial analysis.

2.Stock Market Prediction & Portfolio Optimization 
This study is based on a research paper “DOES WORKING FROM HOME WORK? EVIDENCE FROM A CHINESE EXPERIMENT*” where the results of a Work From Home experiment at Ctrip were reported. Ctrip is a NASDAQ-listed Chinese Travel Agency with a strength of 16000 employees.
The call centre employees who worked in the airfare and hotel booking departments at Ctrip’s Shanghai office volunteered for WFH and were assigned to either work from home or work from the office for 9 months for the experiment. A total of 503 employees volunteered for this experiment, out of which 249 employees who had a good broadband connection, a private room and a tenure of 6 months were made eligible for the experiment. Employees with even birthdays who were selected to work from home acted as a treatment group and employees who have odd birthdays were selected to work from the office acted as a control group. In either case, other than location change all office and home employees had the same IT equipment and work order flow from Ctrip’s central server.
The experiment concluded many amazing results, there was a drastic improvement and increase in satisfaction, and productivity and 13% increase in performance, and work hours and a 50% reduction in the attrition level of employees in the treatment group and then the controlled group. Also, employees took lesser also breaks and sick leaves, all because of the convenience of being at home. However, there was one demerit of what this experiment concluded that is promotions dropped by 50% associated with performance.
Elaborating more on satisfaction, the employees WFH has a more positive attitude and a greater level of satisfaction. The data collected from the Chinese experiment are several like performance, attrition, promotions, satisfaction etc. This report shall focus on data analysis and descriptive statistics of satisfaction.
